    1. What is Semantic HTML?
        It describes what is the code is

    2. What is HTML used for?
        It builds the skeleton for websites

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        Gives characteristics to HTML elements

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        It's used for headers and it should be used 1 time

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        style and color

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Metadata/Metatags

    7. What is an id?
        Is a class that can only be used once 

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
        Any element that can have additional attributes 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        Once 

    10. What is a class?
        A class is a form of an id which can give an element a set of attributes in CSSr 

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    Anything than can change the element like color, border and so on. 
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as you need to 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        right click the link then open in a new tab

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
        It is used as an alternate image/word if a picture isn't found in the root folder 

    15. How do I reference an id?
        you first establish it by adding it and naming it to an element then add attributes in css

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section represents content and it's meant to be grouped where as a div is a generic space holder

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styling the HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2*

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Class can be used multiple times and id can only be used once and Id's can be used once.
        If you want all h2s to follow a certain styling you can give the h2s the same class then give them styling in css
        As for a use for an ID if you want a single h2 to follow a set of rules then give it an id

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        You can do it on the opening carrot of an element the do class="" and name it

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        <p class="Pclass"> </p> 

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        It is having a element then a sub element for an example if you wanted to style the anchor points on a nav you would do nav a {} then in but styling

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    <div class="sidebar">*

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A selector tha selects elements in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height=then a percentage

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: a value

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        uppercase or all caps

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border-style:dotted;
            border-width-1px;
            border-color:black;
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{

    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* to start */ to end

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    $ pwd


    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm <file Name> 

    34. Why should I use version control?
     To have a time line of changes made in go in case you need to go back if you broke the code

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Frequently or whenever a major change has been made

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push -u origin branch-name


    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Create your own version of the repo by forking
        Make sure your name is before the /repo_name
        Add tl as a collaborator
        Clone the repo
        in the command line cd where you want the repo to be
        got clone the repo link 
        cd into the repo you linked
        git checkout -b"first-lastname"
        work on repo
        add
        commit -m "message"
        git push -u origin branch-name
        sumbit a pull request


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 


